#### Meeting Minutes

## Group/Project:  *Timing Updates with Charlie*
#### Date: *2021-06-14*
#### Taken by: J.May

### Attendees
- Charlie Xu
- Justin May
- 


### Previous Items

#### Item

Description: 
Reference Date: 


### Notes

#### Item

Description: Status of timing feedbacks

ToDo:

Followup: 
PoC: 

#### Item   
Description: Status of Commissioning  
ToDo:   
Followup:   
PoC:   

#### Item  
Description: How are things going  
ToDo:   
Followup:   
PoC:   

#### Item  
Description: Pacemakers  
ToDo:   Look into Dave Brown files
Followup:   Check with Stefan and Mikael (there should be some extras)
PoC:   Stefan/Mikael

#### Item  
Description: Funding  
ToDo: Charlie seems to be good to go on funding  
Followup:   
PoC:   

#### Item  
Description: Sergio leaving hutch, MFX on hold until they figure out who is
going to take over hutch scientist
ToDo:   
Followup:   
PoC:   

Bruce on vacation, will look at fiber oven emails later (might want to look at
this myself)

Find drawing for XTCAV; then make sure that we can have a useful discussion
about the I/O (extend drawing to 005 and FEH).

Laser Lockers - Docs, timing, UED laser tuning